Registration
Register Now

New for 2008, registration will be handled by an online system. The Philadelphia International Dragon Boat Festival has hired GWN Dragon Boat to handle the online registration process.  Registration will open on Monday February 4, 2008 at 8:00AM.

If you experience any difficulties with registering online, please contact GWN at 416-962-8899.
Registration Entry Fees:
Community Teams             	$1,400 USD
Corporate Teams	$2,500 USD
Out-of-Town Teams 	$1,000 USD

To find out which race class (Community, Corporate, or Out-of-Town Team) your team is eligible for, please CLICK HERE.

Your team entry fee include 3 practices prior to race day.  Please CLICK HERE for more information on your practices.
Attention Team Captains: 

In order to secure your spot in the 2008 edition of our Festival, you will need the following information ready to complete the online registration process:

1. Mastercard or Visa (Full payment must be made at time of registering your team)
2. Your valid email address.  (Please note: When you are ready to create your team online - this can be done upon registration or at any time afterwards - you will need each team member's valid email address)
Registration Process and Crew Management Tool Details:

For ease of use and to help you through the registration process step by step, along with information on the crew management system, please print off the following document:  Registration Process and Crew Management Tool Info (pdf doc)
Note on Waivers: 

Team Captains: 
Through the crew management system, you can invite (or cancel) your team members, which upon accepting the invite, they will register themselves and sign the waiver digitally. 

Participants: 
Upon accepting the invite from your team captain to join, you will be brought to the PIDBF website to create an account.  You will be able to review the terms, place a check mark in the box, which will then sign the waiver electronically, which in turn eliminates all paper waivers! 
Note on family members sharing an email address:

Team Captains:

    * Please register one of them with the one email address they have.  For the other family member(s), please use the member's phone number(s) in conjunction with our domain name: e.g. 4165551212@gwndragonboat.com. (We will receive the member's invitation).  This way, the participant’s name will be in the system as this also acts as your team roster list. 
    * Please have the family member (s) perform the following:  Email info@gwndragonboat.com, all of their information that the waiver asks for (you can download this from the crew management page and send to the family member(s)).  Email must also state that they accept membership to your team and that you accept the terms of the waiver. 
    * GWN will then electronically sign the waiver on their behalf and accept membership on the team.  

Cancellation Policy: 

If your team wishes to cancel its registration, you will receive a refund of the full amount less $250 (admin fee).  Please contact GWN at 416-962-8899.  